Cloud Security: Update and remove information (#2343)
mendix/docs: content/refguide6/configuration.md

### Emulate cloud security

{{% alert type="info" %}}

> This switch is obsolete since DATEREPLACEME. See this update (ANNOUNCEMENTREPLACEME) for more details.

Reviewer: @jeohist I see what you mean. Is this text OK (can put the same in both documents).

```suggestion
Since DATEREPLACEME, this setting in no longer needed and will have no effect. See [this release note](ANNOUNCEMENTREPLACEME) for more details.
```
